May your birthday and every day be filled with the warmth of sunshine, the happiness of smiles, the sounds of laughter, the feeling of love and the sharing of good cheer.

On this special day, i wish you all the very best, all the joy you can ever have and may you be blessed abundantly today, tomorrow and the days to come! May you have a fantastic birthday and many more to come... HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!

They say that you can count your true friends on 1 hand - but not the candles on your birthday cake! #1Happybirthday

Celebrate your birthday today. Celebrate being Happy every day.

May your birthday be filled with many happy hours and your life with many happy birthdays. HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!

So many candles for such a small cake? Happy Birthday.

Well, you are another year older and you haven't changed a bit. That's great because you are perfect just the way you are. Happy Birthday.

You are special and I hope that you float through the day with a big smile on your face. Happy Birthday!

Take a day off to celebrate you birthday. Take a year off and tell people you are younger. Happy Birthday.

Can you blow all those candles out or should we call the fire department? Happy Birthday.

Happy Birthday!!! I hope this is the begining of your greatest, most wonderful year ever!

When the world works right, good things happen to and for good people and you are definitely good people. Happy Birthday!

Wishing you a day that is as special in every way as you are. Happy Birthday.

You have to get older, but you don't have to grow up.

You are my friend. You are always there for me, supporting me, encouraging me , listening to me and all those other things that friends do. Happy Birthday Friend.

Set the world on fire with your dreams and use the flame to light a birthday candle. HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!

On this special day, I wish you all the very best, all the joy you can ever have and may you be blessed abundantly today, tomorrow and the days to come! May you have a fantastic birthday and many more to come... HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!

There is no "I" in team but there is in BIRTHDAY, so make it all about "U".

They say you lose your memory as you grow older. I say "forget about the past" and live life to the fullest today. Start with ice cream. Happy Birthday.

Hope your birthday is totally cool, really funtastic, wonderful, exciting, majorly awesome, rocking and HAPPY. Happy Birthday wishes.

Hope you love your new age. It loves you because it looks good on you. Happy Birthday.

Be your own light. Find your own way. It should be easy with all those candles.

I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is that you get better looking every year. Happy Birthday.

I've been that age. I've done that age. It is fun. Enjoy!

Your birthday should be a national holiday. I need a day off. Happy Birthday.

You are a gift to the world. How is that for a reverse birthday wish. Happy Birthday.

You will soon start a new phase of life! But that can wait until you are older. Enjoy another year of being young. Happy Birthday.

It is your birthday so I'll make the toasts and you make the boasts. Happy Birthday.

I hope that today is the beginning of a great year for you. Happy Birthday.

Happy Birthday !! Have a wonderful happy, healthy birthday and many more

I hope you have a beautiful day and get at least half of what you want! Happy Birthday!

Happy Birthday. Just one more year and you will be perfect. Yes, I did say that last year.

You have a birthday twinkle in your eye so have fun and know we love you fairy, fairy much. Happy Birthday.

Happy Birthday. Wishing you more glorious and wonderful years on the surface of the earth - or wherever you might be.

Happy birthday!!! Hope you have a blast!!!

Things I like about you: humor, looks, everything. Happy Birthday.