Wishing you all the best with your new role. It's been really great working with you over the years. You'll be sorely missed!!
Thanks for all the help over the years!! Wishing you great success with your new role. Good luck!!
Good luck with the new job. I hope it works out great!
It's been a real pleasure to have worked with you! You might not realise it but you've taught me a great deal. Wishing you all the best.
Enjoy the new greener pastures!
It's been really great to have worked with you. Thanks for all the help over the years!! Who's now gonna churn out all the doodles during the important meetings we have?? All the best with the new job, we hope it works out great.
It's been a real pleasure to have worked with you. Wishing you all the best with your new job. I hope it works out really great. We'll miss you!
Thanks for all the laughs and help over the years. Wishing you all the best with your new job.
Wishing you great success. May your new job be all that you wish for and a whole lot more.
Thanks for being a good friend :) Wishing you great success over at [ new company name ] and we hope things work out really great!! Good luck
You were too good for this place! Congratulations on moving on to greener pastures!! All the best.
Good luck with the new job and your career aspirations. All the best
Wishing you all the best with your new role.
Wishing you all the best with your new job ¨C [ the team / XXX ] won't be the same without you. Good luck!!
It's been really great to have worked with you. May your new job be all that you wish for and a whole lot more. Drop me a line anytime if you'd like to catch up for lunch!! All the best.
Congratulations on your new job!! The office won't be the same without you. See you at the Christmas party!!
It was really great to have worked with you!! Your new job sounds like a perfect fit. Wishing you great success and happiness. Good luck!!
May you find great happiness and success with your new job. Missing you already! Good luck!!
Parting is such sweet sorrow! All the best with your new job.