Congratulations on the safe arrival of your newest family member!! May babyhood be filled with lots of joy and make for lots of wonderful memories. All the best
Congratulations on the safe arrival of your new and healthy baby [ boy / girl ]!! Wishing you all the best with babyhood and as always please let me know if I can help out in any way. Lots of love
Congratulations on your new role as proud parents of a happy and healthy baby [ boy / girl ]!! We hope this is a wonderful time filled with lots of joy and happiness for your new family.
This is such wonderful news!! We're all really excited that your new baby arrived happy and healthy
Congratulations!! This is such wonderful news that your new baby [ boy / girl ] has arrived happy and healthy. May you find parenthood a breeze and be able to look back with fond memories. All the very best and as always please let me know if I can help out in any way.
Wishing you all the very best with the safe arrival of your new baby [ boy / girl ]. May this time be one that you always cherish and can look back on with fond memories.
We're really excited that your new baby has arrived safe and sound!! May your new role as proud parents be filled with much joy and happiness :) Lots of love
Congratulations on the safe arrival of your newest family member!! May you cherish this special time and may it be filled with lots of joyous memories. All the best
This is such wonderful news!! We're really excited for you both and hope babyhood brings with it lots of wonderful and long lasting memories. Looking forward to catching up with you in a few weeks when things settle down. Please let us know if there's anything we can do to help. Lots of love
Congratulations on your new baby!! This is such a wonderful time for your family and we hope that babyhood is filled with lots of fun, love and cuddles. All the very best
Congratulations on the safe arrival of your new baby [ boy / girl ]!! We're thinking of you during this exciting time. Looking forward to catching up with you at home in the coming weeks. Please let us know if there's anything you need. Lots of love
Congratulations!! As new parents may you be filled with much joy and happiness with the arrival of your new baby [ boy / girl ]. Wishing your new family all the very best and as always please let me know if there's any way I can help.
Congratulations!! May your newest arrival also bring with it much joy and happiness for you both as new parents. We're thinking of you during this exciting time. All the best and with lots of love
We're really excited to hear that your newest family member has arrived safe and sound!! May you be blessed with lots of loving memories during this special time as new parents. Wishing you all the very best
This is such great news!! We're really thankful and excited that your new baby [ boy / girl ] has arrived safe and sound. May you find much joy and happiness with your new role as proud parents. Wishing you all best and with lots of love
Congratulations with the arrival of your new happy and healthy newborn!! May you cherish this special time that only comes around once and may it make for lots of wonderful memories. All the best and with lots of love
Wishing you both much joy and happiness with the safe arrival of your newest family member!! May you find babyhood a wonderful and rewarding experience filled with lots of loving memories. All the very best during this time.
This is such an exciting time!! We're thankful that your newest family member has arrived safe and sound. May you both find parenthood a wonderful and rewarding experience. All the very best and with lots of love
Congratulations on your newest family member!! May you cherish this special time and we all hope that it's filled with lots of wonderful memories. Lots of love
Congratulations!! May you find babyhood a wonderful and rewarding experience!! Little babies grow up quick so be sure to cherish every minute :) All the best
Wishing you and your new family all the very best. May this exciting time be filled with lots of joyous and loving memories. If you need any help please let me know