And you thought that seeing your in-laws was bad. Wait until you taste their pumpkin pie! Happy Thanksgiving!
Thanksgiving Day is just an excuse to cook way too much food that will last us until Christmas! Happy Thanksgiving!
The most important thing to remember on this special day is to actually give thanks for all the blessings God has given us. Happy Thanksgiving!
I don't know why I should be so thankful when all I have to look forward to on Thanksgiving is seeing strangers also known as family members. Happy Thanksgiving!
May you enjoy this special day. Happy Thanksgiving to you and your whole family!
Thanksgiving is the perfect occasion to see family members and friends who we don't see too often during the year. Happy Thanksgiving!
Thanksgiving Day is extra special when celebrated with people you love, like friends and family. Happy Thanksgiving!
I love Thanksgiving! There is no other holiday that makes you want to cook more food than you can eat and catch up with old friends and family members! Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Turkey Day! Don't forget to give thanks for being so blessed!
Thanksgiving is a vegetarian's worst nightmare...! Happy Thanksgiving anyway!
God has blessed us all with so much and we have to give thanks to Him. Happy Thanksgiving!
Let's all take a moment today to give thanks to God for everything that He has blessed us with. Happy Thanksgiving!
On Thanksgiving Day the family gets together to sit at the table and enjoy a lovely cooked meal and remind each other how lucky we are to be so blessed. Happy Thanksgiving!
Wishing you a blessed Thanksgiving Day! May you enjoy it with your family and close friends.
There is nothing better than pumpkin pie and yams! I love Thanksgiving Day! Happy Thanksgiving!
On Thanksgiving Day there is so much to look forward to: a giant turkey, the stuffing, yams, cranberry sauce, stuffed eggs, sweet potato pie and eggnog. Is there any other holiday that offers so much delicious food?! I don't think so! Happy Thanksgiving!
I wish you and all your family an abundance of reasons to be thankful for this year. Happy Thanksgiving!
Every year on this day I eat so much that by the Christmas comes all that I can ingest is eggnog. Happy Thanksgiving!
So I was thinking... if the old saying of "you are what you eat" is true, does it mean that we are all turkeys on Thanksgiving?! If so, Happy Turkey-being Day!
On this special occasion, let's all remind each other what the Native Americans did for our fore fathers and let's be thankful! Happy Thanksgiving Day!