Thanks for inviting us all to celebrate your wedding. Wishing you all the best for today and always. Good luck!
Wishing you lots of joy and happiness on this special day. May it be the start of a wonderful and exciting life together. Lots of love
Wishing you both all the best on this special day. May it be a wonderful and memorable one. All the best.
Wishing you both great happiness and joy on your wedding day. We hope that it is something that you'll cherish for many years to come. All the very best and good luck for the future.
May today be the start of a long and happy life together - Wishing you both a very special day with lots of wonderful memories.
Wishing you both lots of joy and happiness on your wedding day. May it be the start of a wonderful and exciting life together. Lots of love.
We're really excited that today has finally arrived!! May it be a special and memorable one with lots of wonderful memories. Good luck for the future.
Here's to a great wedding and an even better life together. All the best and good luck for the future.
Wishing you a wonderful ceremony with lots of wonderful memories. Lots of love.
Wishing you both a wonderful ceremony with a great honeymoon to follow. All the best on this special day and for many years to come.
Congratulations on finally tying the knot!! May this next chapter in your lives be a long and happy one. All the best and good luck!!
We're all really excited that the big day has finally come!! We hope today's ceremony all goes to plan and that you can look back with fond memories. All the best and we look forward to catching up with you after the honeymoon. Lots of love.
May this special day be all that you planned for and a whole lot more. Wishing you a great day with lots of wonderful memories that will last for ever
May the true happiness that you feel last well past the honeymoon and for many years to come. All the very best and lots of love.
May today fill you with much joy and happiness. Wishing you all the very best on this special day and for many years to come.
May your wedding day be all that you wish for!! I already know that all your planning will make for a special day filled with lots of wonderful memories. All the very best and looking forward to catching up with you both after the honeymoon. Lots of love
Congratulations on the wedding!! Wishing you all the best for the future.
Good luck with today's ceremony and all the very best for the future. May the honeymoon never end!!
This is such a wonderful milestone for you both!! We all want the best for you both on this special day and we hope that your future is a long and happy one. Lots of love.
Congratulations on this wonderful milestone. May the love and happiness you feel on this special day last for many years to come. All the very best and with lots of love
We want to express our happiness for you both on this wonderful milestone. May the day be all that you have planned for and a whole lot more. Wishing you both the best and good luck for the future.